Docs: Mention npm link with Turbopack root (#86075)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/08-turbopack.mdx

There are a number of non-trivial behavior differences between webpack and Turbopack that are important to be aware of when migrating an application. Generally, these are less of a concern for new applications.

### Filesystem Root

Turbopack uses the root directory to resolve modules. Files outside of the project root are not resolved.

> For example when using `npm link` where the package linked is outside of the project root, those files would then not be resolved. For that case you can set the root option to the parent directory of both the project and the linked package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when linking dependencies outside the project root (via `npm link`, `yarn link`, `pnpm link`, etc.), those linked files will not be resolved by default. To resolve these files, you must configure the root option to the parent directory of both the project and the linked dependencies.
```
